src/content/docs/getting-started/usage.mdx, before:

---
title: First Steps
description: Take your first steps with the Mr. Smith Framework
---

import { FileTree } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';


- Start an empty git repository

```bash
mkdir hello-world && cd hello-world && git init
```

- Add your first module with the Mr. Smith CLI

```bash
mr module add --repository mr-smith-org/hello-world
```

- Follow the steps in your terminal until you see the message "Hello World!"

![out](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/99762ca9-47ed-423f-b880-0891c1bfdf37)


If you followed the previous steps correctly, you should have the following directory:
<FileTree>
- .mr-smith
    - hello-world
        - runs
            - hello-world-runs.yaml 
        - templates
           -  Main.go
        - base.yaml
    - mr-modules.yaml
- go.mod
- main.go
</FileTree>

All Mr. Smith files are located within the `.mr-smith` folder. Inside this folder, the organization is by modules (but you can also create runs that do not belong to any module).
The `hello-world` module is the first module you added to your project.
Within the module, you will find the following directories:

- `runs`: this directory contains the configuration files for runs, which are YAML files that define the process prior to applying the templates to generate the code. [Learn more](/overview/runs/)
- `templates`: this directory contains the template files that will be used to generate the code. [Learn more](/overview/templates/)

The `base.yaml` file is responsible for defining the directory and file structure that will be created in your project. [Learn more](/overview/builders/)

The `mr-modules.yaml` file is the Mr. Smith configuration file; it contains information about the modules you have added to your project and is automatically modified whenever a module is added or removed.

The `go.mod` and `main.go` files were generated by running the **initial** run.

Commit message:

rename exec command to run and rename run references to pipeline

src/content/docs/getting-started/usage.mdx, after:

---
title: First Steps
description: Take your first steps with the Mr. Smith Framework
---

import { FileTree } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';


- Start an empty git repository

```bash
mkdir hello-world && cd hello-world && git init
```

- Add your first module with the Mr. Smith CLI

```bash
mr module add --repository mr-smith-org/hello-world
```

- Follow the steps in your terminal until you see the message "Hello World!"

![out](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/99762ca9-47ed-423f-b880-0891c1bfdf37)


If you followed the previous steps correctly, you should have the following directory:
<FileTree>
- .mr-smith
    - hello-world
        - pipelines
            - hello-world-pipelines.yaml 
        - templates
           -  Main.go
        - base.yaml
    - mr-modules.yaml
- go.mod
- main.go
</FileTree>

All Mr. Smith files are located within the `.mr-smith` folder. Inside this folder, the organization is by modules (but you can also create pipelines that do not belong to any module).
The `hello-world` module is the first module you added to your project.
Within the module, you will find the following directories:

- `pipelines`: this directory contains the configuration files for pipelines, which are YAML files that define the process prior to applying the templates to generate the code. [Learn more](/overview/pipelines/)
- `templates`: this directory contains the template files that will be used to generate the code. [Learn more](/overview/templates/)

The `base.yaml` file is responsible for defining the directory and file structure that will be created in your project. [Learn more](/overview/builders/)

The `mr-modules.yaml` file is the Mr. Smith configuration file; it contains information about the modules you have added to your project and is automatically modified whenever a module is added or removed.

The `go.mod` and `main.go` files were generated by running the **initial** pipeline.
